bpo-43510: Implement PEP 597 opt-in EncodingWarning. (#19481)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/init_config.rst

      Default: ``0``.

   .. c:member:: int warn_default_encoding

      If equals to 1, emit a ``EncodingWarning`` when ``TextIOWrapper``

>       used its default encoding. See :pep:`597` for detail.

Reviewer: Please document the default value: 0.

>       If equals to 1, emit a ``EncodingWarning`` when ``TextIOWrapper``
>       used its default encoding. See :pep:`597` for detail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If non-zero, emit a :exc:`EncodingWarning` warning when :class:`io.TextIOWrapper`
      uses its default encoding. See :pep:`597` for detail.
      
      Default: ``0``.
```

"equals to 1": the C code uses `if (warn_default_encoding)`, so "non-zero" is more correct.
